Update docs to reflect new updates (#327)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/appkit/recipes/sponsoring-first-transaction.mdx

import rpcUrls from '../../../static/assets/paymaster-rpc-urls.png'

> # Sponsoring transactions with Reown Paymaster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Gas Sponsorship with Reown
```

We are moving away from using "Sponsored transactions" or "Paymaster" as this creates a lot of confusion and we are using them interchangeably everywhere. It was decided that we will call this "Gas Sponsorship" moving forward. 

I'll create another PR to replace all references to "Sponsored Transactions" or "Paymasters" with "Gas Sponsorship".

:::warning

>   The Paymaster feature is currently in a limited access phase and only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Gas Sponsorship is currently in a limited access phase and only
```

- Obtain a new project Id on Reown Cloud at https://cloud.reown.com

> - As Paymaster is currently in limited access, you have to be granted access. Please [contact us](https://reown.com/contact).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since Gas Sponsorship is an early access feature, your projectId needs to be access listed. Please [contact us](https://reown.com/contact).
```
